Dependencies are simply other resources that we want
to use inside of our application.
Maven will pull in transitive dependencies based off the
dependencies we list. To use a dependency, we simply just list
that dependency and Maven will automatically download it for us
and pull in the transitive dependencies.
To use dependencies,
we have to have three things. We need to have a group ID. Group IDs
are typically the same as our package structure.
The next thing we need is the artifact ID. The artifact ID is these name
of the actual item that we want to use. And lastly,
we need a version.
Version is simply the version number, nothing more, nothing less.
We're going to cover versions in another slide here in a second because
there's one particular thing you need to know about versions.
But to add a basic dependency to our application,
we just need to add XML similar to this.
So, this entire dependencies section of our POM we have our dependencies
in here now called org.apache.commons, that's our groupId, our
artifactId is commons‑lang3, and then our version is 3.8.1. Now, this
example I chose on purpose because, historically, Apache didn't follow
the standard naming conventions, but they have since adapted what the industry used and dictated.